Ben Grimmett?Australian Vintage Computer Group
Visual Storyteller · 13 hrs · 
 
I spent last night working 
	on coding my TEC SD/PS2/Serial/video card 
	and its coming along great. 

Video and SD interface was confirmed working 
and a complete SD and FAT32 library will easily fit in the 2kbytes of EPROM. 

The limitations 
	of the 2K SRAM, port and address mirroring 
	and lack of SRAM /OE control 
	has inspired V1.3 of my video card.

This new revision has 
	128kbytes of SRAM onboard 
	with a mapper which has 2kbyte granularity 
	and can place any 2kbytes of the 128k in any 2kbyte bank. 
	It can also map in and out the EPROM 
	and the Video RAM address space. 
		All through the Expansion port plus a few control lines.

The idea is the EPROM can 
	bootstrap a ROM file from the SD card, 
	and launch it from any address location. 

Combined with 
	a PS2 keyboard interface 
	and a very capable video controller 

the TEC can now join the ranks 
	of TRS-80's, 
	Microbees, 
	Amstrads 
	and Sinclairs 
	running Microsoft Basic, CPM as well as a graphical assembler/disassembler 
	which I feel is a natural progression of the TEC computer.

Still a lot of work ahead 
but once the new PCB's arrive 
	I'll port over Basic as well 
	as add a command line interface to the monitor ROM. 

To some its an abomination 
	but it certainly gives new life to your TEC computer!. 
	Fully assembled boards will be available once hardware is confirmed. 
	Approx $50. 
	Source will be available as well as documentation of all ports and address space.


Ben Grimmett Reinoud de Lange 
	it'll really benefit from the xtal mod board 
	though it could technically run at the original clock speeds too. 
	Just very very slowly
Reinoud de Lange Ben Grimmett 
	and this xtal mod board replaces the 4049?
Ben Grimmett 
	Yes, drop in replacement
Reinoud de Lange 
	and this xtal mod board, is it difficult to build?
Ben Grimmett Reinoud de Lange 
	it's surface mount and will need hot air, ir, or an oven
Ben Grimmett 
	But I sell them pre built
Reinoud de Lange 
	you should set up a webshop and wiki for the TEC-1 and peripherals...
Ben Grimmett Reinoud de Lange 
	yes I will. 
	I have started to list and document the various boards I've made
